This is an HTML example of a final project I wrote. These pages are part of a FRONT-END survey/poll website. *Striclty a prototype*. The home page will display all surveys posted recently on the center of the screen. A user can sign up by going to the sign-up page and filling out the credentials. An account consists of a username, password, valid email, gender, and age. An account can be created if an email isn’t taken. When a user votes on a poll they can sort the results by gender or by age. That is why gender and age are relevant credentials. When a user logs in, they will enter their unique username and password with it. The Login screen will have a controller (on the BACK-END) that will check the database to see if the credentials are valid and will allow access to the user if it is successful. On the profile page will be an image, of the user’s choice, their username, email, gender, their favorite poll topic, and number of polls created. The other credentials, like password and age, are obviously private. A user can view the latest “trending polls” by clicking the tab on tab bar on the top of the screen. This page will display the most voted polls in recent time. These polls will display the username of who it was created by. The search poll tab is located on the bottom of the categories list. This tab will bring the user to a page where they can search for a given survey of their choice. A user can search a poll by “type” or “question”, and the top results will be shown.

  The home screen is where all the most recent polls will be displayed. The tabs on the top of the screen will bring you to pages mentioned above and the categories tab will bring the user to a different page that displays surveys that match the “type” the user has clicked on. 
